<div align="center"><h1>FUSION</h1></div>

FUSION is a system that allows any ONE document,
and by extension any ONE+ document to serve as code.

## Order of Operations

FUSION will start at a specified element.
When using Kaeon FUSION,
which is a dialect of FUSION,
this is typically the root element of the document.

### Step One

Based on the string encoded in the current element,
FUSION will perform an operation.
					
If the current element has no children,
FUSION will proceed to step two.
					
If the current element does have children,
then based on the current element,
FUSION will decide whether or not to trickle down to the current element's children.
					
If it decides to do so,
FUSION will shift focus the the current element's first child,
and repeat step one.
Otherwise,
FUSION will proceed to step two.

### Step Two

Based on current element,
FUSION will perform an operation and generate a value.
					
Any values previously generated by performing step two on the current element's children and stored by FUSION will then be deleted.
					
FUSION will then decide based on the current element whether the generated value will be used as an argument when performing operations on the current element's parent.
					
If it decides to use the value as an argument,
the order in which it was generated relative to any such values generated by the siblings of the current element will be held relevant.

### Step Three

Based on the current element,
FUSION will decide whether or not to terminate.
					
If FUSION decides not to terminate,
it will decide based on the current element whether or not to jump to another element.
					
If it chooses to jump to another element,
any values that were generated during step three and stored by FUSION that were to be used as arguments when performing operations on another element will be deleted,
and FUSION will loop back to step one.
					
If it chooses not to jump to another element and the current element is followed by a sibling element,
FUSION will shift focus to the next sibling and loop back to step one.
					
If it chooses not to jump to another element and the current element is not followed by a sibling element but does have a parent,
FUSION will shift focus to the current element's parent,
and loop back to step two.
					
If none of the aforementioned conditions are met, FUSION will terminate.

## Commands

An element being operated on by FUSION is referred to as a command.
				
By default,
commands will do the following unless otherwise specified:
				
At step one,
they will perform no operation and will trickle down.
				
At step two,
they will perform no operation,
generate a null value,
and allow the generated value to be used as an argument for its parent.
				
At step three,
they will not terminate and will not jump to another element.

## Error Handling

If an error occurs during at any step,
FUSION will skip over the step and proceed as if nothing happened.

## Example

Let's say we have the following ONE+ document:

    a
    	b
    		c
    	d
    e
    	JUMP
    f
    g
    	h
    	LAND
    		i

In that case the way FUSION processes the above document would look something like this:

arg1 = c

arg1 = b(arg1)

arg2 = d()

a(arg1, arg2)

arg1 = i()

arg1 = LAND(arg1)

g(arg1)